# Cybersecurity
Text for the first step 
o a central management system, where the wireless IDS data is stored and processed. Decentralized wireless intrusion detection usually includes one or more devices that perform both the data gathering and processing/reporting functions of the IDS. The decentralized method is best suited for smaller (1-2 WAP) WLANs due to cost and management issues. The cost of sensors with data processing capability can become prohibitive when many sensors are required. Also, management of multiple processing/reporting sensors can be more time intensive than in a centralized model.


Suppose policy states that all wireless communications must be encrypted. A wireless IDS can continually monitor the 802.11 communications and if a WAP or other 802.11 device is detected communicating without encryption, the IDS will detect and notify on the activity. If the wireless IDS is pre-configured with all the authorized WAPs and an unknown (rogue) WAP is introduced to the area, the IDS will promptly identify
Machine Learning techniques such as Genetic Algorithms and Decision Trees have been applied to the field of intrusion detection for more than a decade. Machine Learning techniques can learn normal and anomalous patterns from training data and generate classifiers that then are used to detect attacks on computer systems. In general, the input data to classifiers is in a high dimension feature space, but not all of features are relevant to the classes to be classified. In this paper, we use a genetic algorithm to select a subset of input features for decision tree classifiers, with a goal of increasing the detection rate and decreasing the false alarm rate in network intrusion detection. We used the KDDCUP 99 data set to train and test the decision tree classifiers. The experiments show that the resulting decision trees can have better performance than those built with all available features.
